A red wine will definitely go up
I seem to be wrong.
Beiting
I don't want your marriage to be like your parents
Exchange of power
Hello Mr. Zheng
I'm Zhang Meiting's friend.
Please Mandy
He's drunk, you come to the Suzhou clubhouse and pick him up
It's midnight
The CEO should be with his wife.
How could you get drunk in the clubhouse?
Hello, I'm here to pick up Mr. Shan
You are the new assistant in Beijing
So beautiful
What a pity to be with this ascetic
Hahaha
The Internet says this Chimone is a playboy
Aunt Su, do you have a boyfriend?
Sorry, this is my personal matter
If you don't have a boyfriend
Can I be your boyfriend?
Sorry, not interested.
Not interested in me
That is to be interested in Beiping
Haha don't talk
That's what you guessed